June 13 2011

I've been exploring the idea of writing more short text files on
whatever I'm interested, using the Markdown formatting. That way, I
have big directories full of stuff that could theoretically be blogged
using Chronicle or Jekyll. Its not a "one big text file" solution, but
its still a manageable and useful way to organize writing. 

This idea has made me more committed to the static blog generators like
Jekyll and Chronicle. The latter is the easier of the two to use, its
basically plug-and-play. Jekyll is a little fancier but requires more
time to learn and set up. If you're going to blog like a hacker, you
better enjoy hacking, I suppose.

Nice day today, LW and Emmie came down to the mall and had lunch at
the lunch carts. Then we bought Emmie some ice cream and watched the
ducks by the terrace. 

In the evening I picked up some toner for the HP 5-cartridge printer
at Office Depot. Usually, restocking costs 40-50 bucks, but tonight I
had a coupon from the cartridges I recycled in the spring, so it came
to $17. The recycling deposit program makes me buy all my toner at the
Depot; I don't get that kind of break anywhere else.

Always amazed at the leftover waste when I install new cartridges. I
probably cut down a little buying the store-brand cartridges in packs
of three. Still, that's a lot of stuff left over--tape, plastic bags
and doo-dads. My favorite are those little fliers HP includes that
show you all the neat things you can do with your printer, like, you
know, print stuff. My idea is that you should buy a complete set of
cartridges in a plain brown box that is easily recycled, with no
plastic packaging. Its not just the money--the packaging seems like
such a waste. But I have old skool Soviet-style ideas of consumer
packaging and that's just not how you sell stuff in America. Its
probably a good thing that I'm not running a company.

While at the Depot, I browsed the Asus and Toshiba laptops, and left
my favorite Windows 7 app running on each, namely, Notepad.


